how to have any move in this case
sick as a pet we start to
see a sunny day in minecraft its
base sets out to explore how to
custom in the various biomes of
minecraft but suddenly it was found
something very strange a kind of temple or
stairs leading somewhere the
which the great stranger looked at him with
distrust I did not know if to enter but at
final was arranged down the stairs
you saw a couple of characters and they put them
subject in dex the truth is that it was not
very familiar and suddenly saw a couple of
dollars of which I was not going to give a
some information welcome and asu
for the project in next in which you go
to discover one of the things more
curious of minecraft to enter
you will need a ticket so please
directed to my partner or the rumba you
I give a ticket is free you will be able to see
an awesome thing sure it's going
to love I hope you enjoy it wow
interesting the truth is that I 'm dying
I feel like crossing through that curtain of water
third
warning
careful do not see cookies danger
risk of death my god I do not know what
I'm behind that curtain but there's
what to discover
but if it is an intern that is trapped
God make me curious in life destroy
yogurt in derman in captivity the truth
is that I would like very much to learn
do this same style of trap or
kaka for an inter keep it like that
pet at home good hope sigifredo
was close to me or at least to
village of the base and so at least I
would teach how to do is a step to
look here 6 am I have prepared I come
here just to show you your part of
this preciousness of box to be able
catch your own nano uncles of mine in the
heart your to go but be prepared
it's going to cost you sweat and tears and you're going to
have to be very prepared to be able to
to get it
goodbye smells I shit on the skeleton like that
that to work good luck
You see, the meadow is already back
I already have what you asked me is a good
diamond weapon enough food and a
sword just in case look how fast it is
magnifying glass well let's start with the
tutorial in the first place is the clue
where chest will have the materials
necessary to be able to make this box
sun sanz berries and ice and oxygen for de
face place and now he knew how to learn is that
leave the trap ready for the night
and so have everything ready to contend
stained surface
if I remember correctly go ahead he told me
I had to put four fences like
six watching now in battle does not matter
whoever is the normal leader is whatever
they do the same thing and then I turn it on
we will have to put a little sauce that
yes that is achieved in the leader but
well it's very simple after that the
said team and also put
a little ice on the sides for
have it all ready for the time
of the truth in the night and when
bring two to lenderman to the trap there
to do it from a height of three
blocks because the brother is very tall and
you can escape easily and good only
must now wait for an inter hand
and catch it good and it's this at night
everything is very dark but if it is a
tender man damn archer does not die
well let's get down to work
a simple punch and all shots about
wheels mancity assets whatever you have
and if he does not follow you to see if he could
first like it works by and pt and I
I shit on your aunt the boluda to bastard
was watching May entered a third
time or this does not work so experts
from the nice complicated extend me more the
has sworn and over with the ministers
from the noses
here you can not do anything good
as it is said that the brake to 24ยบ
attempts for the expired let's go to
extend more center one block around here
a plate but we're only missing the
entry there has been canceled what fool
that you are a good frame and we do not just put
a little oak gives here a little
from syriana over there and they are already beautiful
well guys here I know that the property
I'm back and good guys wanted
thank you for part of your for the day
that you have seen this fabulous
tutorial and good if you liked to leave
a little hand above comment what else you
encouragement grace and of course continue in
social networks to be aware
of playing with more subscribers
tutorials and many more fun things
a big hug and until next time